Add config flow for integration sensor (#22060)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/integration.markdown

ha_codeowners:
  - '@dgomes'
ha_domain: integration
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
---

This integrations provides the [Riemann sum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riemann_sum)
of the values provided by a source sensor. The Riemann sum is an approximation
of an **integral** by a finite sum.

The integration sensors are updated upon changes of the **source**. Fast

> sampling source sensors provide better results. In this implementation, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sampling source sensors provide more accurate results. In this implementation, the
```

> default is the Trapezoidal method, but Left and Right methods can optionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default is the Trapezoidal rule, but Left and Right Riemann sums can optionally
```

Reviewer 2: it's not a rule... its a method https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riemann_sum

Author: 🤷

Reviewer: The article lists four methods: Left Riemann sum, Right Riemann sum, Midpoint rule and Trapezoidal rule

Author: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trapezoidal_rule>

Reviewer 2: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trapezoidal_method

🤷
